yo how's it going guys happy here and
today i'm bringing you a video basically
about a giveaway that I'm doing for 1.5
so first of all I'd like to say thank
you guys all I've gotten my partnership
now and I think it's I don't know if you
want to say my duty or some something
but I just feel the need to do giveaway
for you guys since you've been loyal
subscribers and you can watch my videos
so on yeah basically what this this
giveaway is going to be for you guys you
know you guys these noobs whatever they
want to play the next nap in 1.5 like me
I don't have um donator I'm going to
wait for 1.5 which isn't about a week or
two depending on that depending on the
release date and not plugins updating so
I'm basically I'm going to get right
into it and show you guys how to do this
what you're going to do well what I'm
giving away i'm giving away six months
so six different people get one month of
VIP 1 i'm protected so six different
people get six months of it 16 people
get one month a VIP sorry about that so
I'm gonna and I'm getting doing the
results video and buying them for you
the day that 1.5 comes out because I
know the servers to impact when 1.5
comes out and with VIP you'll be able to
join in and get a fresh start on the map
and then for a month and you'll be all
good I didn't want to go for MVP because
it's really just a waste of money for
you um noobs out there because I don't
think you guys will have 20 warps but I
suggest if you get an MC PvP a lot
really suggest you guys too
by that because the 10 extra warps are
really helpful but I'm right now you
guys only need like 10 so if you're a
noob and you want to play in 1.5 and one
have an easy way of starting out what
you need to do number one subscribe
subscribe to my channel there will be a
annotation on the screen right now just
click that link it will open a new tab
and it will hit subscribe and you'll be
going on a part come back to the video
just like the video until you're going
to do and then number three just comment
your in-game name and the day that the
map resets and I come on right away when
I see that the master reset I have zero
warps I'm going to come on I'm going to
do just own a random picking of six
people just scroll down like pvp doctor
well I don't know if you p dr do that
but like other people and just scroll
down and pick a random name get your IGN
i'll buy it right up for you and i'll
make a video of me doing that so you
know it's not fake so yeah that's
basically it guys